immersive-storms/curseforge.md, before:

# Immersive Storms

[![](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/scorchful/assets/try_scorchful.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/mod/scorchful)

A small client-side mod that adds subtle and immersive fog and particle effects to various biomes, based on the weather.

# Sandstorms

![A Sandstorm blowing in across the Desert](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/sandstorm.jpg)

Deserts, Badlands, and Savannas are now affected by Sandstorms. When it rains in the world, a dense sandy fog will close in and a fierce wind will kick up new dust particles. When thunderstorms roll in, this fog will get even thicker, making it very difficult to see where you are going.

<br/>

# Snowy Fog

![Blizzard fog in a Snowy Taiga](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/blizzard.jpg)

Fog is now whiter during snowy weather, and will get thicker during thunder storms, signalling a blizzard. While not as harsh as sandstorms, blizzards do still reduce visibility. 

<br/>

# Foggy Swamps

![Swamp fog during a rain storm](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/swamp.jpg)

A thick Fog now envelopes Swamps during rainy weather. This fog is as thick as the thickest sandstorms, but in all rainy weather, not just thunderstorms. This also applies in Pale Gardens, a much requested feature from the community.


# Ambient Wind


[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/aG76E-dT49g/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG76E-dT49g)

Windswept hills and mountains have been made more windy in all weather conditions. A soft breeze will now carry bits of dust and rock with them. Deserts and badlands have been given this effect too (though the sound is a vanilla thing).

<br/>

# Compatibility


* **Scorchful**: This mod is a standalone extraction of the sandstorm feature from [Scorchful](https://modrinth.com/mod/scorchful) and is bundled with that mod as of 1.21.5.
* **Particle Rain**: This mod is also compatible with Particle Rain. Sandstorm particles and sounds will be automatically disabled if Particle Rain is detected.
* **Shader Packs**: The fog effects of this mod likely do not, and will not ever, work with most shaders packs as they have separate handling for fog. However, the particle and sound effects should work just fine.
* **Neoforge (Connector)**: This mod may work with Neoforge via Sinytra connector on versions where it is available; but this will neither be tested for nor supported.

Commit message:

add support links to IS

immersive-storms/curseforge.md, after:

# Immersive Storms

[![](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/scorchful/assets/try_scorchful.svg)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/scorchful)

A small client-side mod that adds subtle and immersive fog and particle effects to various biomes, based on the weather.

# Sandstorms

![A Sandstorm blowing in across the Desert](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/sandstorm.jpg)

Deserts, Badlands, and Savannas are now affected by Sandstorms. When it rains in the world, a dense sandy fog will close in and a fierce wind will kick up new dust particles. When thunderstorms roll in, this fog will get even thicker, making it very difficult to see where you are going.


# Snowy Fog

![Blizzard fog in a Snowy Taiga](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/blizzard.jpg)

Fog is now whiter during snowy weather, and will get thicker during thunder storms, signalling a blizzard. While not as harsh as sandstorms, blizzards do still reduce visibility. 


# Foggy Swamps

![Swamp fog during a rain storm](https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/TheDeathlyCow/minecraft-mod-pages/main/immersive-storms/assets/swamp.jpg)

A thick Fog now envelopes Swamps during rainy weather. This fog is as thick as the thickest sandstorms, but in all rainy weather, not just thunderstorms. This also applies in Pale Gardens, a much requested feature from the community.


# Ambient Wind

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/aG76E-dT49g/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG76E-dT49g)
(Click image for YouTube preview!)

Windswept hills and mountains have been made more windy in all weather conditions. A soft breeze will now carry bits of dust and rock with them. Deserts and badlands have been given this effect too (though the sound is a vanilla thing).

# Compatibility


* **Scorchful**: This mod is a standalone extraction of the sandstorm feature from [Scorchful](https://modrinth.com/mod/scorchful) and is bundled with that mod as of 1.21.5.
* **Particle Rain**: This mod is also compatible with Particle Rain. Sandstorm particles and sounds will be automatically disabled if Particle Rain is detected.
* **Shader Packs**: The fog effects of this mod likely do not, and will not ever, work with most shaders packs as they have separate handling for fog. However, the particle and sound effects should work just fine.
* **Neoforge (Connector)**: This mod may work with Neoforge via Sinytra connector on versions where it is available; but this will neither be tested for nor supported.

# Help and Support

You can report any bugs or issues you find to: [https://github.com/theDeathlyCow/immersive-storms/issues](https://github.com/theDeathlyCow/immersive-storms/issues)

You can also get technical support in my Discord at [https://discord.thedeathlycow.com](https://discord.thedeathlycow.com)
